oranize sphinx doc project (#3002)
red-hat-storage/ocs-ci: docs/usecases/README.rst

:orphan:

=========================
 Common Usecases and FAQ
=========================

> This directory contains doc files with description of common usecases or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains doc files with description of common use cases or
```

answers for frequently asked questions about ``ocs-ci`` usage.

> To add new usecase/faq entry, just commit new markdown_ or rst_ file in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add new use case/faq entry, just commit new markdown_ or rst_ file in this
```
